Rework NuGet PACKAGE.md for Microsoft.Testing.Platform and extensions (#7450)
microsoft/testfx: src/Platform/Microsoft.Testing.Platform.MSBuild/PACKAGE.md

# Microsoft.Testing.Platform.MSBuild

> Microsoft.Testing.Platform.MSBuild provides the MSBuild integration for [Microsoft.Testing.Platform](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Testing.Platform). It enables `dotnet test`, Visual Studio Test Explorer and CI pipelines to discover and run tests built with Microsoft.Testing.Platform.

Reviewer: I don't think it has anything to do with Test Explorer. The package today provides the following features:

1. MTP support using the old VSTest-based `dotnet test` (the experience that requires the additional `--`), which we don't care about that much today, and is only for .NET 8/9 SDKs.
2. testconfig.json copying
3. Entry-point generation

# Microsoft.Testing.Platform.MSBuild

> Microsoft.Testing.Platform.MSBuild provides the MSBuild integration for [Microsoft.Testing.Platform](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Testing.Platform), including entry-point generation, test configuration file support, and compatibility with `dotnet test`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft.Testing.Platform.MSBuild provides the MSBuild tasks needed for [Microsoft.Testing.Platform](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Testing.Platform), including entry-point generation and test configuration file support.
```
